I shaved I shaved guys all right so what
we're doing today is we are taking the
VCA and we are doing the last of the
soldering and we're going to be testing
it so why don't I just take this off
here [__] am I really getting a call
right now oh no okay thank
God that'd be so upset all
right so we're going to take this pop
this bad boy
off pop
okay okay turn the soldering iron
on get some the
solder now here I got some new
wire okay and then the way that we're
going to test this this is an amplifier
and so the way we're going to test this
is is we're going to take our oscillator
we're going to record what Peak to- Peak
voltages then we are going to use a
voltage divider just
a god this
cable sucks hate this fing cable one day
I'm going to have such a sick streaming
setup for making stuff it's going to be
crazy the ultimate streaming setup okay
so we
ready
all
righty okay so you can see here I
actually
missed a
joint couple of
joints by the way this is a totally
custom PCB I etched this I traced and
routed this the design is the only thing
that's not mine and that's only because
I'm just trying to learn Electronics but
soon I will be designing my own boards
all right so now we have our soldering
iron see is it melting it is melting you
can see the smoke I'm going to turn on
the
fan so we have some
exhaust this down a
little
okay it's funny because if you go back
to the earlier streams of this series
you could see that this was a pristine
piece of cardboard and as I've used more
and more fer chloride this thing has
just gotten nastier and
nastier
okay so we'll be so that's
done so now I actually have a bunch of
wires pre- ready so what we're going to
do and I bought some new ones of these
and hopefully these won't require flux
but I'm almost positive they will you
can see here God I hate this camera
um we're going to see luckily this one
only has two tabs which is oh actually
the other one had only two
tabs
um okay so this is the
ground and this is the okay so the
square one is signal okay I'll just
remember
that um and then one thing that we
should
test is how long
is so you have a jack socket we put it
through here does it fit is the first
question and the answer is no because
there's some crap in the way let me get
something for that a screw will do so
I'm just going to get all these little
bits of [__] plastic out of the way
all right it should fit now so I'm going
to pop that in
there and it seems like it's the same
height as the other
brand standard height I
guess okay and then with a wrench that
should
be nice and tight okay so we're going to
be mounting these 1/ quarter inch Jack
sockets and the reason why I've been
using 1/ quter inch instead of 8 in is
that 8 in I couldn't find the mounting
screw like it's just not long
enough [__]
do I have needle
nose where are my needle
nose here are some needle
nose Okay so that seemed
good so I'm going to go get some wires
that I've already cut and we could just
start trying to solder to this and if we
can't solder to this and I'm getting a
bunch of cold joints which is typical
for
this I don't like that at
all okay got to get my mic all set I
realize the audio quality is very
important you really want to be right up
in it okay so hold
on
okay so the potentiometers those are
already good
good the problem was
with okay
yeah all right so we need to do six of
these so now that this is done we can do
this
later what we need to do is grab one of
these guys get a black wire and connect
it to
ground like
so
okay then we need a white
wire for signal for
signal and we're going to connect it
here okay then we can
grab
this we can just see
it's kind of hard to see that all right
let's see how good it is to solder
too as expected total
[__] okay so we're going to have to
bring in the big guns which is this crap
that I really don't like I even like to
wear a mask when I use it cuz it's just
such horseshit let's see how bad of a
solder joint that really is
actually oh
actually it's kind of on
there okay I don't think that that's
going to be a
problem long for the other brand that I
I got I mean it was just
impossible but I feel like these joints
are actually quite
nice okay so we have all the whites
two 4
five okay so that means that we just
need to cut the black wires and then we
need to cut one for power and the
problem is the amp I guess need to think
about some stuff cuz the problem is the
way I do power is just all messed up so
let's just cut
these oh
where where that thing bro where that
thing it doesn't
matter smoke in the
air
okay I really don't have a lot of time
today on
this
okay I think that should be it then we
just need to strip
them do that off camera just cuz I have
the trash can right
here
okay we are all
good
um okay so that means we're just going
to go for
it we actually need six of them for this
kind of have a
[Music]
lot I would say these are higher quality
than uh I mean I haven't tested the tip
but I'm pretty sure that it's going to
be
nice smoke in the air then
drink
[Music]
H yeah it's not great I could see this
being a
problem
it's probably
fine
[__] the tabs are [__]
flimsy I actually really don't like this
part of the fabrication process like you
got all these wires it makes it so hard
to carry around the PCB I mean it's
never meant to be
removed but I just for testing and
everything it's just a
mess
okay
uh but three
down three down three to go so I need to
put one
away all right so let me just do this
all at once so that I can speed this
up
that girl is a real crowd
pleaser smoke in the
[Music]
air
I think I saw an open issue on the uh
OBS development board or whatever about
uh multic client about multic client uh
transfer I feel like that'd be awesome I
don't like the idea of using
restream I don't know why but I
don't
[Music]
okay
um we can cut the legs off
of oh and we need to do Vias I forgot
about the Via
thing there's
one
two I think there might only only be two
Vias we'll have to open up the
[Music]
schematic
okay one
by to
V
dude that one's going to be kind of a
pain to get
to I need more
[Music]
light
okay getting there we're getting there I
have to leave at 6:30 and I have to
eat
dinner little more
that's
good 8 tight
squeeze
[__]
[__] totally bodged
it there we
go
for
I think that there are only two
vas that is annoyingly close
close
okay now I literally every time I
forget
so goes this
way wait what is that what is
that
oh that's a mounting hole okay we're
good um I always forget I think that
signal is first so let me open up Kad
and open
re VC PCA look at the
PCB okay ground is always pinned
two oh shoot we didn't
even didn't even do these I thought I
did these
we have Vias too nice okay we did
it
okay smoke in the
air there we go
go
for
nice okay I'm just going to do them all
at
once maybe it does make sense to try
to get them oh well here we actually
have
to okay
I think maybe that's
nice
what we say all cones no
brakes that must be a solid connection
there's just no way that it's
not get in there there we
go
let's get a third guy in
here
okay this third this magnetic third hand
is so much better than those shitty
clamps that I've seen other people
use we have one of those stupid clamps
and it stinks stinks donkey
brains
you know what [__] it [__] it [__] it
come
here
no way this comes to bite me in the ass
shortening it by that much
okay ah yes a
relaxing
stream okay
potentiometer
okay we are almost
there
smoke in the air been
drinking
okay
now we need to do power oh so I guess I
am missing a wire
um we need to do power but we also need
to
do
um do both of the potentiometers go to
ground and 12
volts is that what they do or am I just
dumb no yeah see that's not what they do
at
all so one of them goes
to
here
H this is going to be a
pain oh
[__]
I knew I was going to do some [__]
[__] like that
okay smoke in the air been
drinking okay wait let's put the longest
one in first how about
that
okay that seems
fine
hopefully this one's not so
bad okay and then this one pin one
is yeah okay pin one is red that's just
what we do I
guess
for
okay now here's where we make some
[__] cones
bro here's where we make some cones
dog
for
oo this one's
[__] you can't do that we got to redo
this one okay we got to redo one of
them I knew I should have
checked
whoa okay
so this
guy it's totally
[__] I wonder if I can just no that's
not going to work oh am I going to do
this
okay so I got it
out now we need to straighten
it
we need to strip some
more
get in there [__] get in
there
[__]
okay come
on oh son of a [__] I did the wrong
one yep that's about
right I always flip it and then I do
something dumb like that
okay let's see if we can get around
this okay I think we're
good okay that's enough
okay now it's this
one
that we need to
[Music]
fix
they definitely did this more carefully
last time and it paid
off smoke in the
[Music]
a
I could literally just do a pack and go
from the other
side I might need to do this one all
over again cuz it's just so bent that
you can't really do anything with
it okay let's try
this
got to be delicate cuz if you bend it
it's
impossible okay so that's a
no okay then let's go from this
side okay well we're doing it I think
that that will reach the
front
let's
see these are on there like
that this is a
CV yeah it'll be
fine oh
shoot that's not going to be fine at all
the reason why it's not going to be fine
is because it's clearly going to
short if you see this this is the wire
that we've looped around if you bet bend
it this is totally going to
short if you press it hard enough you'll
definitely get that thing to short so I
need to read
it
for
okay all
right yo what's up someone's watching yo
what's going on dude the Project's going
on pretty
good um I actually have to leave to go
back to where I really live
uh on
Monday so I'm trying to rush to the
Finish Line kind of anyways uh this is
an
amplifier uh let me show you this cool
thing though I want to show you this
I've been learning this thing all right
but here we're going to make a massive
hack so the problem
is uh I [__] up the soldering on one
side of this cable so what I'm going to
do is i t i soldered it in from the back
but then I realized that this wire is
going do connect to this wire if it's
pressed down so we definitely can't do
that so what I'm going to do is just put
some tape right over
it and that solves the
problem and that's all we need to do
baby some tape and we are
goci okay so that's the last soldering
thing I need to do and then we're ready
to test this oh yeah and then the power
and then we're ready to test
this uh but yeah so I made an envelope
generator the envelope generator worked
let me show you this though this is what
I built
today
um so I catted it out I used Autodesk
Fusion 360 and I made one of the panels
as a 3D model and it looks sick it looks
so cool and so now I just need to build
the box in the 3D model and then
then I'm basically good the last module
that I really wanted to build I probably
won't have time to
build which is the
filter I have a filter on a breadboard
but I don't have a filter on
um PCB or
anything okay that should be
good add a little extra
okay yeah I think so um did a bunch of
paneling the other day so now I'm pretty
good at paneling I realized the trick is
that when you're drilling acrylic since
it's so easy to
crack the way that you do it is you put
the drill to the highest speed possible
and then you just barely press down it
sort of Wiggles around in there until
it's until it's
done okay now let's just get this un
loock
okay dude but hey let me tell you this
bro I think my next idea it's sick okay
so you know what you know what paintball
gun is right so my idea is I'm going to
take a paintball
gun and I'm going to uh attach it to
like a two AIS rotation
system what's missing
now
um yeah so actually
um I mean close you can keep building
this forever but there's one specific
sound that happens to be really easy to
make in Ableton in like a software tool
but is just you know requires so much
Electronics to be able to do if you're
not going to emulate it but um
yeah I think I'll be able to use I'll do
a stream where I can actually use it but
let me tell let me tell you this uh oh
wait hold on we need to get this right
one
sec okay
so pin one is
ground
okay pin 2 is 12
volts and pin
three is - 12
vol
okay all right let me solder this and
I'll tell you this idea dude so I I want
to get a paintball gun and put it on two
axes of rotation then build a canvas
then you can like draw a picture and the
gun will automatically fire to draw the
picture I really want to do that I feel
like that'd be so fun and such a big
challenge feel like I'd learn a
lot
okay so we're putting the power on the
back this is a new thing I've never done
this before but I think that it'll make
it
easy I think it'll be
okay I think it'll make it a little
easier to connect the power
cable um pop back to the chat dude yeah
doesn't that sound sick dude yeah man
cuz there's this guy on YouTube named
stuff made here and he does he he made
one with like a Gantry which is like so
expensive I think I could do it for way
cheaper and I don't think it I mean it
it's obviously way harder than I think
it is but like it can't be that hard
right it can't be that
hard all right so we're ready to test
this bad boy after we mount
it um so this is an amplifier so this
makes signals bigger or
smaller
um so now we just need to screw a bunch
of stuff in so first we'll
do
this yeah dude okay so that's a great
question so imagine a 1920 x 1080
picture uh that's like I think that's
like 2 million
uh I think it's around 2 million okay so
already there you need you know if you
wanted one
pixel you know whatever
per assuming that you need to put a
paintball on every pixel you you need to
do about 2 million paintballs and
paintballs are like $50 for 2,000 if you
do the math that's like that's like
$50,000 now imagine you need um now
imagine you need three colors right RGB
or something then or CMYK for like you
because because of black then you're
spending $200,000 on paintballs and now
now imagine this the diameter of the
paintball splatter is about 2 in or 3 in
and if you calculate out how big of a
canvas you would need to make a 1920x
1080 picture assuming that each pixel is
two uh uh Ines you would need like 15
50t by 60t canvas like this thing would
be
huge you be so big so yeah so that's
that's that part's not
happening but I think I so here's what
here's what like the here's what like
the the
realistic thing that I do is I
I think if you restrict yourself to only
writing like
words and you basically just use only
black use only black
um uh
paintballs then you could probably write
words and the canvas would be like and
I've made canvases before because I like
to paint and so I think you could do it
but I didn't really do the math to like
verify that with a 2in splatter because
the thing is I think you might be able
to like play around with the splatter
and like depending on the velocity and
pressure that you shoot the gun at then
maybe you'll get a smaller splatter cuz
for resolution you the problem is
getting it consistent
too but dude I really want to build that
project cuz I feel like that could go
viral and if it would also just be so
fun to
make
okay so now we're just mounting
everything so that we can
test
yeah it could be hard
but yeah exactly but also like I don't
think it should
be I
think the most challenging part of it
will
be uh making basically getting the
system calibrated like you have the gun
and that's sitting in a position and
then you have the canvas and its
bounding Corners are sitting in some
position
position now just using a camera it's
pretty hard to or even without a camera
but either way it's pretty hard to
figure
out where to aim so that it'll hit where
you
want but like there are sensors that
will give you distance sensors like that
will tell you how far something is away
okay so I figure if you can or even go
even more and get a liar sensor and then
like do some you know then you have a 3D
model of whatever scene you're looking
at and if you have a 3D model then I
think it would be a lot
easier to
um to find the bounding box of the thing
and I think it would tell you how far
away you are from
it dude I'm going to this thing in like
an hour where we're going to edit the
Genome of some human cells it's a free
class and they're just like yeah come by
we're going to take take a gene out of a
human cell and it's totally
free
I want to live stream it but it's like a
big class so I can't really live stream
it I don't know how many people are
going to show up
though and it's crazy cuz the the the
like I mean there's a there's a like an
adult there but the lab is basically run
by these two high school
students it's like damn I wish I was
doing that in high school not
[__] making music is there a ridge on
here what's going on with
this where's my
[Music]
screw this crap out of
here there it
is
but dude I'm really excited to get into
biology projects there's so many biology
projects that I think would be really
fun okay so the setup here with an
amplifier is basically well first we're
going to check that the volume knob
works and if the volume knob
works
then
will be pretty
[Music]
good
okay dude yeah that is the craziest
thing the maker portfolio MIT things is
like this dude I binge those man those
are so
inspiring dude those videos are crazy
some of those kids have made [__] that's
like no yeah they just build and then
they just say what they built and that's
their thing hold on I got to get one
thing real
quick
yeah dude those projects are so freaking
cool God they make me jealous they make
me feel like so inadequate but also like
inspired
so those kids
like which ones are
crazy there's this guy that basically
did what I did but way better he didn't
build a synth but he built like a Reflow
oven and so he was able to make his own
custom pcbs and they were like really
high quality and stuff and
like dude just made me like damn these
kids really be out
here
uh we want to get that down
there St for a reason okay so now the
module is
done now let's see it's 6
o'l
um how are we going to do
this
[Music]
um hold
on
but dude I want to tell you about this
other project that this project is
probably going to take me like 5 years
to do because I just you need so much
equipment and you need like a clean room
and stuff but I want to take my blood
cells and turn them into my skin cells
or like neurons
basically they're these
[Music]
um what what are what are they
they're
um I think they're proteins or something
but they
basically revert a cell back into being
a stem cell like you can take a cell and
what's called induced plur potency and
you can kick it back in time and the
thing is the thing is like those cells
that you do that to usually die faster
but it would just be so cool to be able
to turn some I
turned my skin into my blood you know
like it would just be so
cool all right so let's just test this
because we really don't have that much
time
um okay here we
go all right so we have this
which
is maybe the lighting lighting's kind of
shitty okay maybe that's a little better
I don't know um so this breadboard is
nothing but a um a potentiometer so this
will be our
CV then we need an input signal too so
we'll use this potentiometer for another
input
signal okay so we have two inputs
sty for a
reason now I should really
check what
um okay so this
one let's get this all wired up so that
I don't fry my boards um okay so we got
ground okay black is
ground black to Black then we have white
is + 12
volts and gray is minus 12 volt let's
try to get this all in
here okay and now we need a way to send
this oh I need a
cable
um and oh I need the
oscilloscope [__] I don't think I
can I don't think I'm going to have time
to do this because I got to eat dinner
H yeah CU I'm G to have to go in like 30
minutes and I need to clean up all right
so unfortunately this is like a really
like a onh hour stream where I just
don't do anything but dude it was really
good to talk to you again and I was
wondering I was like where's Dom bro all
right peace bro I got to go I gotta go I
I probably won't have time to do this I
really should I do
it [__] it okay I need to plug in my
oscilloscope and then the only reason
I'm
hesitating all right
come on come
on I don't want to be late to this
thing yeah no worries dude no worries
I'm just glad you're here um okay so how
are we going to do this so we need to
plug the power supply
in and then we also need to plug
in so this goes black to Black so how
are we going to do
this
um how about I put it here I
guess power the powering of this thing
is the worst part of
it
black red to White cuz the thing is
these always fall out too it's
crazy
oh they always fall out okay so we need
to we need to take
this we need to
um cut them down and strip them
again
okay now it's a little bit straighter
and hopefully they won't just fly out of
here so where were
we okay black to
black red to
White oh it's still doing
it I thought these were the same
length then being off by just a tiny bit
causes so many
problems
I think what I should have done is I
should have cannibalized one of these
real connectors that's all like nicely
done F get in there
bro and then just use that
because then I wouldn't have this
problem okay I think it's in so that's
connected now now what we need to do is
we need one more of these Jack
sockets uh I probably have another one
of
them [__] I turned off the uh turn off
the
uh I think this thing has a frequency
generator but
um
okay hold on wait do I have it here [__]
now
have
okay okay so we
have all right so I think that this I
don't know if this is going to break
anything
so okay but we're going to do all right
we're going to do
this
and
then okay we're going to plug it
in oh jeez okay wait hold on I got to
get this all sorted out so then we need
the
oscilloscope to be connected
to the oscilloscope connected to the uh
output
one
okay damn it 604 all right so now we
have the output and we have a volume
knob so I'm going to turn the volume
knob all the way down and then I'm going
to turn this so that it's at zero
volts so this one's in the
middle okay now we're going to open up
waveforms
oh open up the
scope then we going to turn off channel
two going to turn on run let me let me
make sure that we have this
open okay so now the scope is
going okay I don't know what we're
seeing but let's [__] send it let's
send it and hope for the
best
okay okay oh [__] what
happened we atus 10
volts what's going on
shoot
wait wait it went up to 10 volts why did
it do
that
[Music]
okay this signal all right can we just
test this signal
then
okay
so all right so we want to just
see okay cool wait why doesn't that go
oh there we
go
okay shoot so we we actually have a bug
I
guess damn I was really hoping it worked
I had the envelope generator working on
the first try dude it was crazy bro it's
crazy all right so I don't think we're
that lucky I don't know it seemed like
it was hitting a rail I'm not sure what
it was going what was going on but
um yeah so the voltage divider is
working
I don't know why it lags there I guess
it's the
trigger oh yeah it's the trigger that
takes a little lag there but if
we I Wonder If I what happens if I I
can't really clip onto the
uh yeah I can't really get on to those
guys okay well that's a little
disheartening
at least I know
now all right we we already did it
okay all right so that means that we
have to go in and figure out what's
wrong damn yep all right see you man I
got to
run